we proved that when cop is on a node then robber can not move from this node - so this pathway is blocked meanwhile this node remains an options to go there.

So last time we kinda wrong on marking here is how we should mark:
you do not start with a column! You look at all the nodes and all the nodes where the cop and the robber have a position in common,
so when you are in a state when the game could be over that is over - you mark. You mark these as 0, game is over,
and then coming from 0 it propagates as +1. So if it is the cops turn and we propagate,
the cop will take the smallest number, 
and when it is a robbers turn 
it will choose the largest number to survive for as long as possible. 

so first column is all starting positions - any combination of start, cops turn,
so the second column is the same thing because everything is visible, robbers turn,

how we build the graph:

so when its robbers turn to play there is only one outgoing edge and it is turning dark and it opens possible positions - direct edge.
now 
if robber is at the same position as cop - so next column the robbers position of 1 will disappear because we cant have that. 
So for robber we remove 1 in next column and cop would not be allowed to move so we have all these possible positions for the cop in 4th column.

So we will consider all possible positions of robber that are different from cop, and there is only one outgoing edge, 

and then 5th column is robber is becoming visible (this is p/3) so more edges will be outgoing



marking process:

so first we mark all the positions that all columns geta 0 where its a forced move (singleton or corresponding positions to cops. 
and now when we propagate, 
you always propagate from smallest number, so you start from all zeroes and then propagate from a bunch of 1s,
and how do you propagate with for all vs there exists thing

so lets start column 5 in p = 3 (1/3 visible) so there exists 0 that is reachable - yes I mark 1, 
and when it is the robbers turn we look all possible next position if they all marked we choose the biggest number possible.

the win condition is still the first column has to show that all startin g positions of robber lead to a win for a certain config of cops. 

When J Lou was marking keep in mind that probably always - the first all positions get marked first and they result in fastest capture so we can cut short. 

if lets say capture time we can do like that one version with just 2 columns that allows for much quicker computation but problem is exponential anyway 


next meeting J lou Friday at 1 Septmebet 18th in person